What's new Next: Add the new Browse UI feature (#75064)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-next/index.md

Use the Grafana Alerting - Grafana OnCall integration to effortlessly connect alerts generated by Grafana Alerting with Grafana OnCall. From there, you can route them according to defined escalation chains and schedules.

To learn more, refer to the [Grafana OnCall integration for Alerting documentation](/docs/grafana/next/alerting/alerting-rules/manage-contact-points/configure-oncall/).

> ## New Browse Dashboards View

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New browse dashboards view
```

<!-- Yaelle Chaudy for Frontend Platform -->
<!-- OSS, Enterprise -->

_Available in public preview in Grafana Cloud_

> We are gradually rolling out our new Browse Dashboards UI. With this new feature we removed the general folder, the dashboards now sit at the root level. The feature also provide easier editing functionality as well as faster search renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are gradually rolling out our new browse dashboards user interface. With this new feature, we removed the **General** folder, and the dashboards now sit at the root level. The feature also provides easier editing functionality, as well as faster search renders.
```
